Docs: Write MVP for DuckDB docs (#945)
hasura/ddn-docs: docs/reference/connectors/duckdb/index.mdx

---
title: DuckDB
sidebar_position: 1
description: "Learn how to configure the DuckDB connector for use with Hasura DDN."
sidebar_label: DuckDB
keywords:
  - duckdb
  - configuration
  - connector
seoFrontMatterUpdated: false
---

# DuckDB

## Introduction

Hasura DDN includes a Native Data Connector for DuckDB, providing integration with DuckDB databases. This connector

> allows you to leverage DuckDB’s powerful relational database capabilities while taking advantage of Hasura’s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows you to leverage DuckDB’s powerful OLAP capabilities while taking advantage of Hasura’s
```
